feat(curriculum): test clearing of previous arrays in Sorting Visualizer (#57623)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-sorting-visualizer/6716249b5405164036fd0b0d.md

1. You should have a function named `highlightCurrentEls` that takes an HTML element and a numeric index.
1. The `highlightCurrentEls` function should set the `border` of the given element's child at the given index, and the child immediately after the index, to have a `dashed` style, a `red` color, and a width of your choice.

> 1. When you click `#generate-btn` you should use the `fillArrContainer` function to fill `#starting-array` with five `span` elements, each with a random number as its text.
> 1. When you click `#generate-btn` the `#array-container` should contain `#starting-array` with generated numbers. Other elements should be removed from `#array-container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When you click `#generate-btn` you should use the `fillArrContainer` function to fill `#starting-array` with five `span` elements, each with a random number as its text. If present, other elements should be removed from `#array-container`.
```

})
```

> When `#starting-array` already contains generated array, or `#array-container` contains sorted array, clicking the `#generate-btn` should remove other elements in the `#array-container`, leaving only `#starting-array` with newly generated numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `#starting-array` already contains a generated array, or `#array-container` contains the sorted array, clicking the `#generate-btn` should remove other elements in the `#array-container`, leaving only `#starting-array` with newly generated numbers.
```
